So now we will create a third mouse breast which will react to mouse click through here.
After this, we will write private class mice adapter.
Okay.
Mine's adaptor, which extends to the mouse adapter
here and.
No.
From.
For that.
What we can do.
We can do one thing.
What should we do?
Key word, the initial word here and here, we can add the most listener.
Mouse listener.
I notice we can write new minds.
After.
No.
Okay.
Here.
We have created our class minds and are already so full that we can do one thing.
Here we will write we will speak of variable for the index is equal to e not get y coordinate no x coordinate.
And after that we will need in the y variable which will be the local variable and it will set it to
get the y coordinate and here will determine the x and y coordinates of the mouse pointer which will
react to the left and the right mouse clicks on the user.
So after that we compute the corresponding column and draw the minefield.
So here we will take in the C column which will write X divided by cell sites.
And then Harry will take the C row and set it to the one divided by seven size.
This will conclude the corresponding column and remove the minefield.
So here we have the method which react to the mouse clicks.
The minesweeper game is controlled solely by the mouse and we react to left and right.
Mouse clicks on the user and we have determined the x and y coordinates of the mouse pointer.
And here we have take the here we already take the corresponding column and draw of the minefield.
So now what we can do here, we will take a boolean variable by the name to repaint the blue repaint
controls default.
Set it to the false.
Do you think?
Now we will take a condition.
If.
In 19.
So here we will call our methods new game and another one which will be free paid.
Repeat here.
So after this, also, we have to create this method.
Okay.
So here then.
Now we need to check with the other condition.
So we check that we are located in the area of the minefield or not.
So we will take a condition here.
We will write if feel.
I regret the value in the parenthesis.
See Roo.
It should be multi.
No.
Yeah.
It should be multiplied with the number of columns.
Know what we can do.
You know what we have take over part.
Okay.
So here what we have to take.
Here we will write a note.
Here we will take the values if the parentheses X is less than the number of columns.
And.
Okay.
So what we will do here?
I will write a number of columns.
Is multiplied with the cell size.
And signs.
And we will take
this lesson.
And total rules should be multiplied by the cell size.
So here what we will write under this if condition, we will write.
If you don't get better.
None is equal to the mouse event, not Bolton three.
Here, we will try it.
We will take another condition.
Here we are, checking that we are located in the area of the minefield or not.
So the uncovering of the mines is done with the right mouse button.
So we have to clear the button.
Three.
Now we will check with a condition which will check that we are located an area on the field minefield
or not.
So here I will write if field and notice we will take see row.
This multiplied.
No more.
Okay, so we need a number of columns here.
Not that I want to see all.
Literally less than an equal to.
No.
I think here we need the field C to multiply with the columns.
And second it will check here if it is greater than the mine cell or not.
So here we will write
to repeat.
Do reprint boolean which will set it to not true here.
Okay.
So now what we will take we take another condition here.
No.
Will take this condition.
Under this condition, we will right field which will have to see through and multiplied with the end
calls.
We need to end calls here and see if they feel okay.
This will be under the parentheses.
You're done and calls which really add up with the C column.
And here it will check if it is less than or equal to the word mindset.
And then here what we will take if minus left readable is greater than zero.
So we will write field.
Under this we will be C2 is multiplied with the end columns and it will end up with the C column.
Here it goes.
Plus equal to the mark of the cell, mark for cell here.
And then we will decrement the minus left variable.
And then and now we need a string message to store.
So had I been indigent or to string.
Here are the two string and give the parameter to the mine's left.
That's one and done.
Now we need to set the status for label with the set text message.
So here I will give the parameter to the message.
And then here, take the health condition and then.
Right.
Status here.
Don't sit next here.
I will send that text to the no marks.
Never.
No, no.
After that, we have to go with the other condition.
Here, I will take the health condition and try it.
I feel literally the sero here literally multiplied the number of columns.
And don't forget, we call it dual.
Minus equal the mark for cell.
And now the minus left variable.
Decrement.
No, it should be increment here.
Reality check with the decrement already.
So here we will take a string message is equal to integer, not to string and here I will try to mine
take the mine left and done.
And after that we need the status bar.
Note that text here.
I will give the parameter to the message.
Now go with the last condition here.
And we will take the condition with if.
So we will take it.
And here I will write.
See under this, I will take zero.
See you to a truly multiplying calls.
I know it the second it should be greater than all default code mindset.
Which you'll see right now.
After that, we need another condition which will check feel.
The through.
Read this, you will write the rule which should be multiplied with the end columns, and here I end
up with the C column, of course, here and done.
And it should be greater than mine.
Okay, so this is done.
No.
Next.
Another condition?
It should be.
And.
We will check with the field.
And then this we can write c row multiplied with the N columns.
And it should be in the second and then it should be less then with the mob mindset.
And then no, in this F condition we will right field and need the zero here and it should be multiplied
with the total number of columns here.
And it will be afterwards ahead of the.
C colon variable, it will be the minus on equal to low cover for cell.
And then no.
We take the do repaint variable here and set it to true here.
Now we need another f condition under this.
So we will write if field with the c row and it will be multiplied with the columns.
Then afterwards I dealt with the C column, which really equal to the mindset.
Here.
What we will do, we will set the in-game variable with the falls
on this one.
Now, after that, the last if condition will be the field.
And under that, we need to see.
It should be multiplied with in columns.
Okay.
It should be in the parentheses.
It will afterwards end up with the sequel
and it will check it with the empty scene.
And if it is empty, then what we will do?
We need to find empty cells, methods, method, and under that we will give the param meter to the
C2 multiplied to the MN columns.
And here what we will do will need to know the column here.
After that we need if.
Okay.
So firstly explain I will explain this thing.
What we have done here, we have determined the x and y coordinates of the mouse pointer and after that
we compute the corresponding column and row of the minefield.
So we check the we will check that we are located in the area of the minefield or not.
I'm checking that part.
And uncovering of the mines is done with the right mouse button.
The button tree.
So if we right click on an unmarked cell, we add mark four cell to the number representing the cell.
This leads to drawing a covered cell with a mark in the paint component method.
So if left click on a cell that has been already moved, we remove the mark and increase the number
of cells to be moved.
Okay, so here I have done this thing or every left.
So if nothing happens, if we click on the cover in the map, it must be.
It must first uncovered by another right click, and only then it is possible to let click on it.
So yeah, this one, the cover for a left click removes a cover from the cell.
So in case if we left, in case we left, clicked on a mine.
The game is over.
If we left, click on an empty cell.
We call the find empty cell method, which recursively finds all adjacent empty cells.
So we need the boards need to be repainted, for instance, a marker set removed.
So here I will call the repaint method.
Here I will write do repaint.
And under this I will try it repaint and.
Here.
Yes, I have.
Yeah.
Repaint.
We will see that part in other class here.
Okay.
So here we have done.
If the board needs to be repainted, for instance, a marker set or removed, we will call the repaint
matter and it will retained our board.
So this.